"Every bug other than Charlotte and Barry B. Benson hops."
This is a restricted Universal generalization.
The sweeping generalization would be "Everything hops".
The restriction is to bugs other than Charlotte and Barry.
Let's put the restriction in parentheses for a moment.
If this was just everything hops,
then it would be 'FOR ALL x H(x)'
We restrict universal generalizations by adding an antecedent to a conditional:
"FOR ALL x, IF x IS A BUG OTHER THAN CHARLOTTE AND BARRY THEN x HOPS".
What's left is to unpack the restriction: the thing has to be a bug,
and it has to be other than Charlotte and Barry.
So has to be a bug and be other than Charlotte and Barry.
Other than Charlotte is 'not identical to Charlotte (¬x=c)'
and other than Barry is 'not identical to Barry (¬x=b)'
So here is our translation: 'Everything is such that
if it's a bug and it's not Charlotte and it's not Barry then it hops'